Add issue template for event hubs (#803)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/5_event-hub.md

---
name: "\U0001F4C5 Event for a community"
about: Coordination and planning around an event for a community
title: "[EVENT] {{ HUB NAME }}"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

### Summary

<!-- Please provide a short, one-sentence summary about this event. -->

### Info

- **Event begin:** <!-- The date that the event will start. -->
- **Event end:** <!-- The date that the event will end. -->
- **Community Representative:** <!-- The GitHub ID of the current representative for the Hub and Community, e.g. @octocat -->
- **Hub URL**: <!-- The URL of the hub that will be used for the event -->
- **Hub decommisioned after event?**: <!-- Will this hub be decommissioned after the event is over? -->

### Task List

- [ ] Dates confirmed with the community representative
- [ ] **One week before event** Hub is running.
- [ ] Confirm with Community Representative that their workflows function as expected.
  - Log-in and authentication works as-expected
  - Any `nbgitpuller` links resolve properly
  - Notebooks run as-expected

> - [ ] **1 day before event** Hub nodes are pre-cooked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **1 day before event** A separate nodegroup is provisioned for the event

```

- [ ] Event in progress.
- [ ] Confirm event is finished.

> - [ ] Hub pre-cooked nodes are wound down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Nodegroup created for the hub is decommissioned.

```
